Filming permits are required for audio and visual media productions on government-operated and private locations. See chart below for media filming permit criteria:

Applications
Applicants

Any individual, corporation, or entity that wishes to film in Dubai must appoint a UAE-licensed production company to obtain a filming permit. For information on UAE-based production companies, see Permit Applications section.

Filming Location
Filming Location

Permits are required for any filming in, government-operated, or private locations. For a list of locations available for media filming, see Public Locations and Private Locations sections. For information on fees, see Permit Fees section.

Media Platforms
Media Platforms

Permits are required for audio and visual media productions for all media platforms, including: Television, Film, Radio, Online, Mobile, Print

Content Format
Content Format

Permits are required for media production of all content formats, including: Advertisement, Short-form, Long-form, Documentary, Radio programme, Photography

Application Form and Required Documents
A commissioning letter is required from the company assigned to the project, appointing the UAE-licensed production company.(Commissioning Letter Template)
DFTC reserves the right to request additional documents from the applicant as necessary and reject any applications.
Filming on Location Site
The Company shall only be permitted to film in the specified areas and for the specified time periods as approved by DFTC.
The Company and crew shall take all necessary precautions and measures with regard to general safety and security during filming.
Any international crew will be permitted to arrive on site pursuant to approval of the script and issuance of filming permit by DFTC.
All international crew must have valid work or business visas in order to be involved in the filming.
All international companies shall appoint a Company with a valid UAE production trade license to conduct the filming. The UAE-licensed production Company shall procure work or business visas for all crew who will be involved in the filming. DFTC will not directly issue filming permits to any international companies.
The Company shall not film in restricted areas including (without limitation) government departments, ministries, royal palaces, military outposts and refineries.
Private Locations
An NOC is required from location owners before filming in any private location.(NOC template)
Insurance (this is optional)
The Company shall maintain insurance for all crew, equipment, locations and workmen’s compensation.
Rules and Regulations
The Company shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the Emirate of Dubai and the United Arab Emirates, as applicable in Dubai.
A breach by the Company of any of the terms and conditions on the permit application form shall result in the immediate termination of the filming permit by DFTC without any prior notice of any kind or court order. DFTC shall not be liable to the Company for any costs and/or losses due to a cancellation of the permit at any stage during or after the process. DFTC reserves all other rights and remedies available to it under the law.
DFTC shall not be liable to the Company for any costs and/or losses due to arrival of production-related crew in Dubai prior or after filming dates as specified in the filming permit.
The Company shall indemnify any and all third parties against any losses or damages caused to any person or property (including loss or damage to any person or property of DFTC and its owners) whether arising before, during or after filming and shall indemnify DFTC and its owners against any claims or other liabilities that may arise as a result of any actions of the Company, DFTC granting the filming permit to the Company and/or any breach of the terms and conditions of the permit application form.
DFTC shall be entitled to cancel a filming permit or reject a script without any prior notice or reasons provided to the Company.